Fix asciidoctor-dita-vale errors for the ConceptLink rule (#4801)
theforeman/foreman-documentation: guides/common/modules/con_backup-process-overview.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: CONCEPT

> [id="backup-process-overview_{context}"]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[id="backup-process-overview"]
```

= Backup process overview

[role="_abstract"]
You use the `{foreman-maintain} backup` command to capture your {ProjectServer} or {SmartProxyServer} and associated data.
Backups require downtime, therefore you must plan scheduling, storage, and security so you avoid disruption and protect sensitive content.

> The `{foreman-maintain} backup` command is used to create a backup of your {ProjectServer} or {SmartProxyServer} and all associated data.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `{foreman-maintain} backup` command creates a backup of your {ProjectServer} or {SmartProxyServer} and all associated data.
```

suggestion (non-blocking)

> Backing up to a separate storage device on a separate system is highly recommended.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{Team} recommends backing up {Project} to a separate storage device on a separate system.
```

suggestion (non-blocking): make it active
